refactor(docs): split monolithic api reference into multiple files (#722)
DisnakeDev/disnake: docs/api/emoji.rst

.. SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

.. currentmodule:: disnake

Emoji
=====

> This section documents everything related to guilds' emojis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section documents everything related to Discord emoji.
```

Reviewer: Linking to https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/emoji would be nice too

Author: Done in [`d15ddd7`](https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/722/commits/d15ddd70e20c611070a3445379763a80b07a8c13)
